CONTACT ME
Location: Vilassar de Mar (Barcelona)
Mobile phone:+34 687514285
e-mail address:sbrasca@gmail.com

LANGUAGES
Spanish: Mother tongue
English: B1
Italian: B2
Catalán: A2

SOFTWARE
MS Office pack / One Stream / Archer/ Dacs

WORK EXPERIENCE

-HAMBURG SÜD IBERIA, S.A. - Oct2020 - Present
 SWE area Finance Manager assistant.
 Support on monthly closing tasks. (Customer overpayments analysis and reclassification, Bad debt provision,customers/vendors balance regularization,currency exchange regularization)
 Preparing data for uploading and certification into O.S.
 Tax reporting.
 HS/IC reconciliation.
 O.S. Explanation to deviation.
 O.S. Sustainability report.
 ARCHER control performer.

-HAMBURG SÜD IBERIA, S.A. - Jan2009 - Present
 AR Specialist
 Contacting clients for SOA reconciliation.
 Resolving customer queries.
 Reconciling and recording of payments.
 Bank accounts reconciliation.
 Contacting clients in case of payments discrepancies.
 Identifying incidents that lead to payment delays. Liaison with other departaments in case of disputed/not received invoices.(I designed a procedur for monitoring and controlling disputed invoices involving all departaments in order to reach more efficiency in their resolution)
 Resolving payment discrepancies.
 Producing reports as required by management among wich stand out a file for controlling and monitoring AR departament's main target.
 Fixing Docsys/Billing system errors for AR report maintenance.
 Training and support of new teammates.

-HAMBURG SÜD IBERIA, S.A. - Jan2008 - Dec2008
 Finance Manager assistant.
 Support in planning and execution of the Costamar / HS Iberia's  account integration process.

-COSTAMAR AGENCIA MARITIMA, S.L.- Jul2007 - Dec2017
 Acting chief of accounting.
 Due to Costamar financial manager's resignation I was placed in charge of the accounting departament for overseeing and managing the daily operations and support in the due diligence process carried out by Hamburg Süd Iberia.

-COSTAMAR AGENCIA MARITIMA, S.L. - Jun2005 - Dec2017
 Disbursement account specialist.
 I was hired for an administrative substitution. After a month I was appointed as disbursement accounts responsible reporting to the central office in Genoa for consolidation.
 The control and reconciliation of the manifested cargo amounts in opposed to the invoincing were also under my responsabities.

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY DEGREE IN PUBLIC ACCOUNTING.
National University of Córdoba (Argentina)  1980 - 1985
